alembic==1.10.4:
Attribution: Alembic is an open-source library used for database migration with SQLAlchemy. It allows you to manage and apply database schema changes over time. Alembic is developed and maintained by a community of contributors.

blinker==1.6.2:
Attribution: Blinker is an open-source library that provides fast and simple object-to-object and broadcast signaling capabilities. It can be used for event-driven programming in your web application. Blinker is developed and maintained by a community of contributors.

click==8.1.3:
Attribution: Click is an open-source library for building command-line interfaces (CLIs) in Python. It provides an easy-to-use and feature-rich framework for creating CLI tools in your web application. Click is developed and maintained by a community of contributors.

colorama==0.4.6:
Attribution: Colorama is an open-source library that allows you to add colored text and styling to the terminal output of your web application. It provides cross-platform support for colored text in command-line interfaces. Colorama is developed and maintained by a community of contributors.

dnspython==2.3.0:
Attribution: dnspython is an open-source library for DNS (Domain Name System) protocol implementation in Python. It provides functionalities for querying and manipulating DNS records, which can be useful for various networking tasks in your web application. dnspython is developed and maintained by a community of contributors.

email-validator==2.0.0.post2:
Attribution: email-validator is an open-source library for validating email addresses. It provides a robust and comprehensive set of rules for email validation, helping ensure the integrity of email input in your web application. email-validator is developed and maintained by a community of contributors.

Flask==2.3.2:
Attribution: Flask is a popular lightweight web framework for Python. It provides a simple and flexible foundation for building web applications, including features like routing, request handling, and templating. Flask is developed and maintained by a community of contributors.

Flask-Migrate==4.0.4:
Attribution: Flask-Migrate is an extension for Flask that integrates Alembic for database migrations. It simplifies the process of managing and applying database schema changes in your Flask web application. Flask-Migrate is developed and maintained by a community of contributors.

Flask-SQLAlchemy==3.0.3:
Attribution: Flask-SQLAlchemy is an extension for Flask that provides integration with SQLAlchemy, a powerful Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) library. It simplifies database operations and allows you to interact with the database using Python objects. Flask-SQLAlchemy is developed and maintained by a community of contributors.

Flask-WTF==1.1.1:
Attribution: Flask-WTF is an extension for Flask that integrates WTForms, a flexible form handling library, into your web application. It simplifies form creation, validation, and rendering in Flask. Flask-WTF is developed and maintained by a community of contributors.
